hello friends I have the new version of
melon always the 1.8 point 1 as you see
there is a configuration on this plane
adds the other and this is just the new
of taking out is for sale but they passed it to
mediafire and then from there the download of
rum with beautiful kraft and if you know him
showing us what commented and red crafter
he got it because the counter raised it
to buy it this raised it on average
for example feet but I do not want
say well as in this is a new
setting the distance bar
here as you see they are four no matter
the device and if the bike g sugar
here
being a corporal throughout understand
here is a new configuration this
also something new that they could and he
is who now if you put your corner on
curtain to be able to see he writes how I started
but the server
for example crazy hunger if in the
fire of hunger I believe that there is more
possibility of there because good commented
monsters or droid that he did locally
done then at least I did not enter
as you see here I will put all the
configurations not to a command I did not get married
as before environment yes and well this
it's the new thing that I added to the bar
of configuration the skins because there
another shortly after you have to have them and
have this application
and now there are also some modes that
they take for example a mount what
they grabbed example let's try some
that we have saved I do not know we will try x
which is one of the other version or
where none now that
downloaded in this time
I do not know could be the money in
human steps or I do not know what we are going to see
here we are going to put the clock we're going
to put one that does not eat rice
good would be the ruiz are the wheels and
may be the ruins we are going to put the
ruins
and now I would charge the ruin as you see
will put here that if it was william waters
and then let's put x world but one
that I can fix example I want
to ruin
one
as it was I would sing the structure as you see
here the structure that this is another other
of structures I was wrong
let's put a long
for example
This has a lot of because I do not
agreement that I made good so let's see
let's look for structures has white
no no
let's find a structure
and good good
well I think that we are not followed
structures or there's no here I do not know
we will try
good
A) Yes
that's weird but the joke is that that
some spin of ice montilla grab
some way let's try and do for
try let's try
and I think I have it saved here
normal review mode
they do not pay us more to be to see if they do not
they believe me and that's how I grow
we asked is that he did not grab me
see if he grabs us and grabs them
means that if the modest ones arrive
how to see he had the nickname this one would put
the anvil
there all the swords are going to put us
pe
mounts
sorry the one that I am in you
As you can see we have not been created so
less general water etc.
Carlos for water has not tried it with
no one
raising the other
as they see with water
with that sense
how
okay
I think it happens to me
these videos like if you want them to
put this mode on the video link in
the other one I'm going to do now if they want me
do the review in this way and the
they leave to write I started I do not have to
I will not leave in the description ebro
white 1.8 point 1 2 per million again
sorry for saying so many times live
subscribe and until the other